A long, long time ago, there existed a troll, a bridge, and a cave. Within the cave, there dwelled many, many goats. This cave had everything a goat could ever need; water, weeds, cans, flamethrowers, cheerios... just your typical goat luxuries. 

All was good and well within the goat cave, but some goats began to feel dissatisfied with their repetitive goat lives. The cave was too small for the goats' endless yearning for adventure. 

One day, Billy Goat Jr. attempted to cross the bridge, but was met by a nasty, grumpy, smelly, old troll. This is where our story begins.

"Ah what a monotonous life the little goat me is living." Billy goat sighed. "If only there were some mysterious bridge around for me to cross... Then, maybe then, my little goat life would become a bit more exciting."

"SToP RomPING aR0unD mY ProPERTYYYYY!?@#!$$" A vulgar voice came from behind. "CAn'T A TroLL GeT ANYYYY SLEP ARND hre!@#!@#"

Billy Goat turned around; "Holy Fuck!#!#@" Billy Goat cried. Billy Goat normally wasn't one to curse, but the creature he saw was just too disgusting to behold. 

A enormous figure appeared from behind was anything but pleasant. A sweat and oil stained t-shirt with questionable graphics. Cracked and crusty face. And the odor... Anyone could tell he obviously hadn't showered for a very long time... that is, if there ever was a time he had ever showered. This was the first time Billy Goat had ever seen a troll. He wanted to rinse his eyes and blow his nose immediately...

It was just too much for Billy Goat to handle... Billy Goat gagged and ran back to the cave.

"ANd DonT Come NEaR mY BriDGE AGain!@#!@#" The troll roared.

... Bridge. The troll had said bridge... Bridge, bridge, bridge, bridge, bridge. A BRIDGE!

Billy Goat peeked back and saw a magnificent sight. There was a bridge--shabby and dangerous... just right for Billy Goat's dream for adventure!

Excited little Billy Goat trotted back a bit faster than he was before. He had to tell everyone about the wonderful bridge and the awful troll.

To be continued...